python ConverteJAVA1.py Ave_Maria.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Doloroso1.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Doloroso2.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Doloroso3.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Doloroso4.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Doloroso5.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Gloria.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Glorioso1.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Glorioso2.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Glorioso3.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Glorioso4.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Glorioso5.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Gozoso1.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Gozoso2.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Gozoso3.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Gozoso4.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Gozoso5.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py IntencoesFinais.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Jaculatorias.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Luminoso1.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Luminoso2.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Luminoso3.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Luminoso4.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py Luminoso5.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py PaiNosso.html misterioString.java  
python ConverteJAVA1.py SalveRainha.html misterioString.java  
